**TITLE**
**The Bad Guys**
The Bad Guys is an American computer-animated heist comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and released by Universal Pictures. The film, based on the popular children's book series of the same name by Australian author Aaron Blabey, is directed by Pierre Perifel in his feature directional debut and written by Etan Cohen and Hilary Winston. The film was released on April 22, 2022.
**Synopsis**
To avoid prison, a gang of notorious animal criminals pretends to seek being rehabilitated, only for their leader to realize that he genuinely wants to change his ways.
**Production**
On July 22, 2017, several studios had expressed interest in adapting the series into a film. On March 9, 2018, Variety reported that DreamWorks Animation will develop a film based on the book series, with Etan Cohen as writer. On October 7, 2019, it was reported that the film will be directed by Pierre Perifel in his feature directorial debut, with Cohen and Hilary Winston set to write the film's screenplay. The film was described as having "a similar twist on the heist genre that Shrek did on fairy tales, and what Kung Fu Panda did for the kung fu genre". The crew worked remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic.
**Plot**
In a world where humans and anthropomorphic animals coexist, Mr. Wolf leads the Bad Guys, a gang of criminal animals known for their thefts and escapades. After being insulted by Governor Diane Foxington, Wolf convinces his gang to steal the Golden Dolphin award. They are arrested after helping an elderly woman, leading to conflicted feelings. Wolf persuades Foxington to let Marmalade reform the gang, but their attempts are unsuccessful. Wolf rescues a cat from a tree, which Marmalade records and publishes, turning the public image of the gang around. At a charity event, the gang executes another heist, but a meteorite is stolen, leading to Marmalade's arrest. In prison, Wolf and his gang decide to leave crime and live a better life. Snake rejects this proposal, leading to a fight. Foxington, a former criminal mastermind, rescues them and reveals her identity as The Crimson Paw. The gang is blindly rejected by Wolf, but they find their hideout empty. They help Wolf, but Snake ally with Marmalade, who plans to use a meteorite to steal charity funds. Foxington reveals she reformed and is about to steal the Golden Dolphin. They break into Marmalade's home to steal the meteorite, but are captured by Marmalade and Snake. The gang rescues Snake and saves him, but they are arrested by the police. Marmalade is implicated as the Crimson Paw, and the gang celebrates their defeat. Wolf reveals that he left behind the Push Pop, and the gang accepts they are now good guys. They are released for good behavior after one year and join Foxington for their new lives.
